We were thinking about taking the stories of people and trying to integrate them with the large amounts of numerical data that local government's currently hold.

Why would we want to do this?

Big data normally consists of data points collected as life and digital platforms cross over these data points come from our bank transactions email search history applications and requests these data points event processed by algorithms the algorithms combine and process the big data set sets and make assumptions based off of the outcomes these are often very valuable but can potentially be misleading.

The benefits of big data collection is that it tends to be cheap and fast the negatives are that it can be in personal centralised the process is often a closed one and it needs expertise and data scientists to read and process the data in the world of photography today this is often referred to as thin data.  I see the thin referring to impersonal numerical data points which hope to capture information about a person rather than a full bodied face-to-face interview or indeed any interaction with the person.

Little data or qualitative data comes from stories collected through Direct conversations with people this can also include photographs and videos but usually comes about through meetings or phone interviews with people the interviews are typed up there assessed there condensed and conclusions are drawn about the people in the situations in this manner as it's expensive and time consuming it often just reaches a small sample size.  the fact that it relies on small sample sizes sometimes Leeds big businesses to  to believe it is less valuable than big data or the quantitative data sets.

To research we have discovered that both qualitative and quantitative research methods have pros and cons but we see how they can work together to create Fuller more accurate data.  we can use the terms thick and thin data.  when we analyse big data or thin data and identify trends we can cross check the results of the numbers through smaller qualitative studies.  if the qualitative studies results align with what we see in the quantitative studies we can make an assumption that the findings are robust.

If a qualitative study does not align with the findings of quantitative studies we can ask her selves are we missing something?

If the findings of the studies don't correlate it then we can clearly see the policy should not be built on the findings but more research will be needed to assess the situation.

This kind of research combining quantitative and qualitative research methods is what's known as mixed methods.
 
 
